Hi everybody welcome back.
Now we previously looked at getting info from our users using the input.
Now we're going to be doing something similar again in this lecture which is why as you can see I've
moved from my Sublime Text Editor into my idol text and so now that our programs are becoming more advanced
and longer it's time to revisit the input prompts.
Sometimes you want to write a longer prompt than simply What's your name.
You can store your prompt in a variable and pass that variable to the input function.
This way you can write your prompts over several lines then write a nice clean import statement.
Let's take a look at how we will do that.
So prompt
eaglet.
So I just paused this video for a second and I've entered in Alwi you can see is a very long front.
This is our lecturer discussing pipings in plant and how to keep a tidy please and your favorite so
far and why you like it.
This is a double space there and are removed.
So as you can see a very very long prompt but we've created a variable and we've decided this value.
So what we want to do now is favorite Lechter
equals input.
So we're going to ask the user to input their favorite lecture.
We're going to do it with a text from the prompt above OK and let's see what that gives us.
So we save it and then we run a OK.
So as you can see now this lecture is discussing platens input prompt and how to keep it tidy please
at your favorite lecture so lecture once.
OK.
There we go.
So don't forget when using the input function pioneered terabits everything that the user enters as
a string.
And also as we discussed before don't forget how to use the input function for numerical entries and
to handle numerical entries from the user.
We do so by using the function which tells Platon to treat the input as a numerical value the function
converges a string representation of a number two in the miracle representation number and we look at
that at our previous lecture on the input prompt.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.